our president who of course served and
continues to serve in the Great War
against the English language was up
bright and early tweeting today he
misspelled the word investigated today
huge I know for someone who's constantly
being investigated
you think he'd at least get that one
arrived on Saturday Donald Trump on
Saturday tweeted more than 80 times you
know people thought it was magnanimous
when he decided not to take a
presidential salary turns out it's
because he doesn't do any presidential
work he's tweeting all day the
impeachment hearings are set to go
public starting Wednesday Trump now says
he's planning to release a new
transcript from a second call with the
president of Ukraine I don't know about
sequels are rarely better than the
original I don't think but the second
Ukraine call which we will refer to as
to crane from now on was a
congratulatory call made in April after
President zalenski won the election
there Trump claims they'll release the
transcript for that tomorrow the reason
for their releasing it tomorrow and not
today is because they need time to
finish writing it but what he thinks
this will prove I have no just because
you release a transcript of a second
call where you didn't break the law
doesn't mean you're off the hook for the
first this is like if Bill Clinton said
well here's an intern who didn't give me
oral sex
made a big show this weekend of his
willingness to provide evidence and
bragging about how transparent he is
read the transcript now they want to
have a transcript of the other call the
second call and I'm willing to provide
that we'll probably give it to you on
Tuesday oh my it was bound to happen all
eventually the president is also ramping
up his attacks on the whistleblower this
is this thing now attacking the
whistleblower never mind what I did get
the guy who told people I did it photo
was perfect
he made it sound bad that's why I had to
release now they were so the
whistleblower is a disgrace to our
country a disgrace and the whistleblower
because of that should be revealed and
his lawyer who said the worst things
possible
two years ago he should
and maybe for treason maybe for treason
can you be sued for treason I don't I
don't think Benedict Arnold got hit with
punitive damages for it
everything with him is treason it's a
shame because I really thought he'd
cheer up once the popeyes chicken
sandwich came back but not at all
today we learned that another Pentagon
official testified that Trump himself
withheld aid money to Ukraine because he
wanted an investigation of Joe Biden
that was damaging but the guy who could
really run this off the rails is his
former national security adviser John
Bolton according to John Bolton's lawyer
he was personally involved in many
relevant meetings and conversations that
have not yet been discussed team Trump
is reportedly concerned about notes John
Bolton may have kept apparently he's a
scrupulous note-taker and they're
worried because he wrote everything down
which is they're just now realizing that
was a problem John Bolton this always
had a legal pad at his Handy's you bring
a legal pad in the shower with him in
the morning and if Trump didn't do
anything wrong why are they concerned
about those notes non-criminals aren't
usually scared when people take notes at
a meeting it's the reason the Mafia
doesn't have stenographers in the family
and with all this talk of Ukraine the
president is now bringing Russia back in
the mix because he's thinking about
making a trip to Moscow for May Day
Parade I know it sounds funny but no
he's planning to potentially go to
celebrate the Russian military I was
invited I am thinking about it it's
right in the middle of our campaign
season but I am thinking I would
certainly think about it President Putin
invited me to the that's a very big it's
a very big deal celebrating the end of
the war said to attach a very big deal
but I would love to go if I could
Hooten is like what else can I make this
idiot do I know let's bring him to
Mayday and have them be in the parade
the idea that the President of the
United States would go to Russia to
celebrate their military might is it's
absurd and no one was more surprised
than Joe Biden Trump going to Moscow for
the main game
[Music]
are you joking the debates are gonna be
really good
not only is consolidating his base in
Russia he's hoping to attract
african-american voters the president
was in Atlanta on Friday for a Black
Voices for Trump rally really this is
the kind of venue where Donald Trump
shines most brightly think of this
blacks for Trump Black Voices for truck
african-americans for Trump call it
whatever the hell you want right what do
you prefer blacks for Trump or
african-americans
[Applause]
look at how happy he is
he's blackened business folks this is
what blacks were Trump really looks like
it's Stanley and Linda black the blacks
for Trump I assume but back to the rally
you know when you have an
african-american audience you want to
get them excited there's one man you go
to there's one guy you send in to fire
the black voices for Trump crowd up and
that man is none other than the captain
of the space force I know that will
reelect president Donald Trump with a
historic percentage of African Americans
for four more years in the White House
word to my mother y'all it's Mike Pence
aside there was an attempt at diversity
from the administration and that attempt
came in a very sleepy form the media
they like to pick on him any little
thing you know he's not perfect I'm not
perfect you're not perfect the only one
who ever was perfect was Jesus and they
crucified him so you know think about
this yeah well we are thinking about
that yeah took him three 5-hour energy
drinks just to be able to make that
statement meanwhile Donald Trump's other
black friend Kanye West made a big
announcement concerning his future
sounds like he's making plans to get
back to the White House for good when I
run for president 2024 we want to
definitely know which are laughing when
I run for president 2024 we would have
created so many jobs that I better run
i'ma walk you know if nothing else I'd
love to see a president wearing those
shoes you know I wonder what Kanye
thinks of this over the weekend Trump
tweeted I will be announcing the winners
of the maggot challenge and inviting
them to the White House to meet with me
and perform good luck now this is a
challenge that was started by a rapper
named be serious his idea is that he
wants people to write and perform pro
Trump rap songs be serious said he wants
to help get the word out
about Trump he's been under the radar
for far too long we need to get this man
some publicity but there there's nothing
more Donald Trump e than taking time in
the middle of your impeachment hearing
to judge a rap contest and we put some
of the videos together and I have to say
these guys might be on to something
gotta hat on not worried about CNN or
the squad watch a man just doing what he
said and the left blowing up because I'm
wearing all this red how you gonna tell
me who I should vote for and why are you
basing it on my son Kyle or I was a
Democrat in college but I walked away
now I'm not trying to hear anything they
got to say so grant I've been on the
Trump train and it's a friggin ride
Trump keeps it up I'll never leave the
side
[Music]
all right that's enough or to just blow
[Applause]
Trump said he's gonna meet the winners
of the contest at the White House which
means he devil II won't meet the winners
of the contest at the White
oh hey speaking of people Donald Trump
doesn't want to see it was a rough
weekend for Donald Trump jr. DJ TJ was
here at UCLA promoting his new book and
he was heckled by what he thought was a
group of liberals turnout it was a group
of angry far right-wingers who were
upset there'd be no Q&A and Don junior
to his credit stepped aside and let his
girlfriend kimberly guilfoyle handled
the yellers for him
[Music]
so that they can hear you you don't play
by the same rules let me tell you
something I bet you engage and go on
online dating because you're impressing
no one here to get a date in person
[Music]
good one Kimberly you you kicked him
right in the match.com there this is
good so after he got booted the World
Series and the UFC fight Trump flew to
Tuscaloosa for the LSU Alabama game on
Saturday where he knew he would not get
booed they loved him there but CBS
before I show this clip I want to assure
you we did not alter this this is
exactly how it was broadcast during the
game on CBS this weekend
a new evil Thursday on CBS the CBS promo
department is part of the resistance you
know with this with the election under a
year away and the impeachment in
progress there's a lot of anxiety in the
air our majority of Americans said that
all this news about Trump is a
significant source of stress in their
lives and that isn't good stress kills
but fortunately there is now help if you
need it frustration shock terror these
are just some of the emotions you can
feel watching the news and with the next
election a year away
you need an anxiety medication you can
count on you need Alexa Pro Alexa Pro is
clinically proven to calm your nerves
and relieve election stress is Trump
being racist is Bernie too old did Joe
Biden shoe is tie again it doesn't
matter because your brain is an airplane
mode for the next 8 to 48 hours
great you know take the whole week off
ask your doctor about a lexapro they
probably want some - side effects
include drowsiness memory loss and sweet
blissful ignorance contains THC LSD
methamphetamine ayahuasca and a bit of
ecstasy Oh lexapro give in to the
darkness available at Walgreens if you
liked that video then put a ring on it
click the subscribe button below
Oh